CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-delete-vm-web.adoc

    * For a general view, navigate to *Virtualization* → *VirtualMachines*.

> . Click the *Options* menu {kebab} beside a VM and select *Delete*.
> +
> Alternatively, click the VM's name to open the *VirtualMachine details* page and click *Actions* -> *Delete*.
> +
> You can also right-click the VM in the tree view and select *Delete* from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To delete a VM, do any of the following tasks:
** Click the options menu icon {kebab} beside a VM, and then click *Delete*.
** To open the *VirtualMachine details* page, click the name of the VM, and then click *Actions* -> *Delete*.
** In the tree view, right-click the VM, and then on the pop-up menu, click *Delete*.
```
